Chapter 1

THE INVITATION

Rain poured down heavily on the city of New York. People ran around on the streets looking for shelter, some trying to get them a taxi to reach home as soon as possible. Despite being late hours of afternoon when the sun should have still been pretty high up the day seemed as bleak as if night would engulf everything into darkness in a matter of seconds.

Amidst this chaos a young girl ran across the street trying to avoid the traffic which was now almost starting to come to a standstill .The girl ran on the pavement and across a bus stop just as a bus was coming to a halt. She jumped over the steps of the bus, narrowly avoiding being hit by the door which swung open and slammed shut again. The girl ran for about two hundred meters before she stopped in front of a small quaint looking shop on top of which name of the shop was written as Kings Brew café. The girl pulled the door open and ran inside.

 The girl pulled the door open and ran inside
Emily

"Good evening Emily seems we are in a hurry today!" A short old man asked her from behind the counter with a warm smile on his wrinkled face before he looked down at his empty coffee cup. Emily gave him an apologetic smile. "I-I-I am really sorry... "Emily tried to say catching her breath, "Rain...Car won't start ... traffic", She added barely above a whisper, which was enough for the old man to understand what she was asking for.

The café was a quaint little place. The inside wasn't a very large space but the careful assortment of tables made it a very cozy place. Usually it wasn't crowded by any extent, just the usual people who would frequent it to have a nice time with people, and one of the reasons why Emily chose it as a part time work to help pay off her college tuitions. Even after attending classes the whole day, this place seemed like a second home even though she hadn't been here for longer than 2 months. Talking to the customers and generally enjoying her time here had almost become a daily routine for her after classes. Today things were a bit different though with the increased number to customers who occupied the chairs who had most probably entered the shop to escape the rain.

Emily took a deep breath and looked around the room and found her friend Liz rushing around between crouched spaces to deliver the customers' orders while other customers had seemingly started to grow impatient. "I should hurry Mr. Adam and get ready to help out, or Liz is going to kill me as soon she notices me", Emily whispered to old man.

"You definitely should, she has already asked me to lay you off thrice by now", Mr. Adam replied with his usual carefree smile. All this time Emily had worked under Mr. Adam he always seemed to be in this good mood as if nothing bad could ever occur in this world. Emily just gave him a nervous smile to that as she proceeded towards the changing room to get out of her soaked clothes into her work uniform, but just before leaving she give a glimpse towards the empty seat at the very corner of the café, by the window.  After a few seconds she tore her gaze from the spot and proceeded onwards towards her task.

While on her way to the changing room she almost crashed into Oliver who was coming out of storage room.

"Good Afternoon Emily, Running late; ha!" Oliver commented.

"Why is everyone fixated on that, it's not like I always do that" Emily retorted.

"Not everyday; but yes two weeks earlier yes it did" Oliver replied. Oliver was usually a very nice guy and a really good friend of Emily's; they started working at King's Brew from the same day. But Oliver tended to be a stickler for rules and tended to annoy her almost over everything.

"Fine, It won't happen again" Emily said as she rushed into the changing room shutting the door behind her before Oliver could start ranting on her, which she knew was obviously coming.

Emily got out of her soaked clothes and into her work uniform and then with a sigh she stared at herself in the mirror wearing a white shirt and deep red skirt and a black apron on top. She adjusted her orange curls until she was satisfied and then smiled at herself and headed towards the door.

Going out Emily saw that it was still raining heavily the whole place was bustling with the sound of chatter and laughter, while she could smell the strong scent of coffee in the air and headed towards the kitchen to take the orders to the respective table.

In the kitchen Oliver was rushing around juggling his task between making a coffee and making a grilled cheese sandwich. Currently Oliver was the only cook here considering the lack of customers on regular days.    
Emily went in and started to deliver the orders that were ready to the customers. She served the grilled cheese sandwich to Mr. Mathew; one of their regular customers, he had set up his chess board today. It was usual for him to come up with something new ever day and would try to interest anyone willing to play.

Mr. Mathew looked out of the window and said with a slight French accent, "Strange day missy, it hasn't rained in weeks and now... it pours"

The comment makes Emily take a look outside the window and a certain worried expression passes over her face for almost a second before she again turns back to Mr. Mathew and smiles back as she says, "It always makes me feel so calm, its always beautiful", while she said this she took a glance back again at the secluded corner but this time the seat had be occupied by a young boy.

"Yes, that is so true, the smell of the rain is always very mesmerizing.", Mr. Mathew continued, pulling Emily back into the conversation. "I creates a great atmosphere for a nice game, wont you take a seat today?"

"I would love to Mr. Mathew, but I am running late today.", Emily said apologetically and rushed along  towards the service area where Liz was standing and found her talking to Oliver in a very animated manner as usual. Oliver was on the other side of the counter hardly paying any attention to Liz while he whipped up a parfait.  

 Emily looked around checking if anything needed to be done and finally made her way to the last table where the boy was sitting in the cozy corner. The rain was still falling and it had made the windows completely foggy making the outside completely visible. The boy was siting there leaning with his head on the glass window; his focus completely absorbed by a copy of the Grimms Fairy Tails; he seemed completely oblivious to the hustle and bustle of the café around him. The pages of the book were slightly damp from the rain, but the boy didn't seem to mind. 




